I'm pretty sure my salary was 36k when I
first started uh which is a good salary
for the time uh I mean it's not even a
bad salary even now pnl is profit and
loss and it's the only thing that
matters in the world if you're a Trader
basically and um every single day every
week every month every year your
individual p&l is calculated everyone's
individual p&l is calculated and it goes
around on a spreadsheet every day so
every day you get a spreadsheet that
tells you every single Trader's p&l
which obviously means like if you're the
best Trader you're the best Trader but
if you're losing money everybody can see
it's very clear who the best is and it's
very clear who the worst is and that
starts to become how you interact with
other people and starts to become how
you see other
people there's this kind of beautiful
furnace to it in a weird way and I think
there's not a lot of places in the world
other than sort of the football pitch
where a kid like
me from nowhere can come in and compete
with all of these multi-millionaires
from Rich families and be like the guy
at 24